chore(repo): update GitHub pull request template (#12835)
nrwl/nx: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/COMMUNITY_PLUGIN.MD

```

Once merged, your will plugin will be available when running the `nx list` command, and will also be available in the Plugin browser on [nx.dev](https://nx.dev)
-->

# Community Plugin Submission

## {replace with plugin's name}

<!-- 

> Describe what is your plugin *extensively* and what is its goal or issues it addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe what your plugin is and what is its goal or issues it addresses.  If you don't provide a description, we will not merge your PR.
```

> Is it focused on a technology, tooling or behaviour? Does the plugin provide generators, executors and graph support?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is it focused on a technology, tooling or behaviour? Does the plugin provide generators, executors or graph support?
```
